[pkg/ottl] Add metrics context (#14895)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/contexts/ottlmetric/README.md

# Metric Context

The Metric Context is a Context implementation for [pdata Metric](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/pdata/pmetric), the collector's internal representation for OTLP metrics.  This Context should be used when interacting with individual OTLP metrics.

## Paths
In general, the Metric Context supports accessing pdata using the field names from the [metrics proto](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/opentelemetry/proto/metrics/v1/metrics.proto).  All integers are returned and set via `int64`.  All doubles are returned and set via `float64`.

The following fields are the exception.

| path                                   | field accessed                                                                                                | type                                                                    |
|----------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | resource                               | resource of the data point being processed                                                                    | pcommon.Resource                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| resource                               | resource of the metric being processed                                                                    | pcommon.Resource                                                        |
```
Same for the subsequent rows.

| instrumentation_scope                  | instrumentation scope of the data point being processed                                                       | pcommon.InstrumentationScope                                            |
| instrumentation_scope.name             | name of the instrumentation scope of the data point being processed                                           | string                                                                  |
| instrumentation_scope.version          | version of the instrumentation scope of the data point being processed                                        | string                                                                  |
| instrumentation_scope.attributes       | instrumentation scope attributes of the data point being processed                                            | pcommon.Map                                                             |
| instrumentation_scope.attributes\[""\] | the value of the instrumentation scope attribute of the data point being processed                            | string, bool, int64, float64, pcommon.Map, pcommon.Slice, []byte or nil |

## Enums

> The Metric Context supports the enum names from the [metrics proto](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/pdata/pmetric/metrics.go#L129-L136).

Reviewer: These lines don't match the enum definition when I try to access this. It may be better to have the link point to the file at a certain commit to pin the file contents.

Author: Since pdata is always changing and contrib is always kept up to date it'll be hard to link to the exact spot accurately and keep it up-to-date.  I updated it now to just go to the file, which should change less often. Also fixed the proto link.

| instrumentation_scope                  | instrumentation scope of the metric being processed                            | pcommon.InstrumentationScope                                            |
| instrumentation_scope.name             | name of the instrumentation scope of the metric being processed                | string                                                                  |
| instrumentation_scope.version          | version of the instrumentation scope of the metric being processed             | string                                                                  |
| instrumentation_scope.attributes       | instrumentation scope attributes of the metric being processed                 | pcommon.Map                                                             |
| instrumentation_scope.attributes\[""\] | the value of the instrumentation scope attribute of the metric being processed | string, bool, int64, float64, pcommon.Map, pcommon.Slice, []byte or nil |

## Enums

The Metrics Context supports the enum names from the [metrics proto](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/opentelemetry/proto/metrics/v1/metrics.proto).

> In addition, it also supports an enum for metrics data type, with the numeric value being [defined by pdata](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/pdata/pmetric/metrics.go).

Reviewer 2: We might need an example of how to use this?

Author: Do you mean how to use the metric data type enum?
